clean_json filter (#75125)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        myvar: "{{ result.stdout | from_json }}"

.. versionadded:: '2.12'

> To remove preceding and trailing unwanted lines from the string that contains JSON, use the 'clean_json' filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove preceding and trailing unwanted lines from the string that contains a JSON object or a JSON list, use the 'clean_json' filter.
```

Just a nitpick because strings and numbers, for example, also make for a valid JSON.

Maybe we should also add a warning about the limits of this filter? For example, there is no guarantee that the thing returned from this filter is a valid JSON document. For example, this filter will return the following things unmodified:

```json
{"a": 1}
{"b": 2}
```

A JSON parser will of course complain when it tries to parse this. So it is still on the user to make sure content surrounded by junk is actually a valid JSON document.

Author: https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/245a2a85c4c7073afcb677fdf737aec2f7cca11c/lib/ansible/plugins/filter/clean_json.yml

> To remove preceeding and trailing unwanted lines from the a string that contains JSON, use the 'clean_json' filter.
> Very useful when dealing with output from applications that mix in messages with the data::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove preceding and trailing unwanted lines from the string that contains JSON, use the 'clean_json' filter.
Very useful when dealing with output from applications that mix in messages with the data::
```

      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        myvar: "{{ result.stdout | from_json }}"

.. versionadded:: '2.12'

> To remove preceding and trailing unwanted lines from the string that possibly contains JSON, use the 'clean_json' filter.

Reviewer 3: In the example below, the filter displays everything between the opening `{` and the closing `}` - if that is always the behavior, I would document it that way:
```suggestion
To remove preceding and trailing lines from any string that might contain JSON, returning only the data between the opening ``{`` and the closing ``}``, use the 'clean_json' filter.
```

Author: it also handles `[ ]` , originally i mention 'JSON object { } ' and 'JSON list [ ]', I'll put that back

Very useful when dealing with output from applications that mix in messages with the data::

    - name: Using filtered=True
      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        myvar: "{{ junk_src|clean_json|from_json }}"
      vars:
        junk_src: |
          first line
          {
            "one": "1"
          }
          last line

will return::

    {
      "one": "1"
    }

.. note::

>     - The clean_json filter does not verify nor validate that the 'possible JSON' found is valid JSON

Reviewer 3: What happens if there is no JSON in the output, and how is "no JSON" defined (no curly braces?)? What would trigger the `Unable to filter` error message?

Author: Yes, but also [ ], not having either will return `Unable to filter input: No start of json char found`
